Art
Broad Museum
An interesting and free modern art museum used in the filming of the new movie Batman vs. Superman. The exhibits change on a regular basis, and nothing stays the same. Some of the art is great, and some of it goes to show you what not to do. You never know what you're going to get. If nothing else, you can pick something up to eat from the café at the front entrance.


Kresge Art Museum
Once the central home of art at Michigan State University. Now generally unused with the implementation of the Broad Art Museum. Still used for art classes, you can find many interesting art pieces on display here.


Wharton Center
The building itself is a beautiful work of art, but that's only the beginning. The grounds and the interior are scattered with beautiful works of art, and of course, the central point of it all is the beautiful theater where wonderful works of performing arts are portrayed.


Brody Hall
One of the most recently re-designed buildings on campus, there is no shortage of art here: hanging from the ceiling, scattered on the grounds, displayed on the walls, and there are even scheduled exhibits.


Eat
Brody Square
The biggest cafeteria on campus, Brody has a very extensive menu, great variety, and is a great place to go eat.


MSU Union
A small and unassuming lounge with comfortable seating, delicious pizza, great sandwiches, and the occasional live show.


Crossroads Food Court
This food court is located in the heart of The International Center. It is always very busy, and with good reason: with a Panda Express, Union Pizzeria, Woody's Oasis, Subway, Sparty's, and not to mention its perfect central location, Crossroads has all the comfort food we need, right where we need it.


Snyder-Phillips Cafeteria
Winner of the NACUFS Loyal. E. Horton Best Residential Dining Concept award, this is a comfortable and beautiful dining hall to treat any dining desires.




Events
Sparticipation
Held regularly at the beginning of every year, Sparticipation is your chance to get to know all the groups on campus. You will find people who share your interests and you might just spark theirs.


Design Day
At the end of every semester, the MSU College of Engineering holds Design Day: The chance for the engineering students to show off the projects they have been working on for the past semester. It is an impressive convention of unique ideas and always worth checking out.


Haunted Aud
The theatre team puts on a great haunted experience in the MSU Auditorium. It's a lot of fun and worth going.


Spartan Spectacular
At the beginning of every year, Michigan State has Spartan Spectacular. A day of fun, food, activities, and ending the day with the biggest pep rally in the Big Ten. Don't miss out on your chance to get yourself pumped for the new year and to cheer your teams on to victory.




History
MSU Museum
The main museum on campus is nothing like the showy modern one people see when passing by: nestled in the South-East side of West Circle, this museum shows us our past as a race and as a school, filled with all sorts of treasures that cannot be replaced by modern art.
Cowles House
The oldest building still standing at MSU, this house once housed the president of the university. While no longer the actual residence, it is occasionally used for social events and is quite the sight to tour.


Beaumont Tower
The tower shows up in almost every pamphlet, website, or exhibit of MSU. It is almost 100 years old and still standing strong. Its music rings loud and beautiful all throughout the northern part of campus. If ever given an opportunity to tour the tower, do so. The history within is magical.


MSU Union
Built in 1925, this building has been a center for social interactions ever since. While it has been rebuilt and added on to many times over the course of its existence, it contains many of the earlier rooms, such as the historic Women's Lounge, and the upstairs ballroom. There are plenty more hints to its former glory scattered throughout the building.




Sights
Children's Garden
A very extensive, diverse, and beautiful flower garden. It is generally rather unoccuppied and provides many things to see and do. It makes a great morning or afternoon adventure.


Spartan Stadium Towers
Attached to the side of the iconic stadium is a much newer addition: The Stadium Towers. These towers extend up 5 exaggerated stories, housing everything from the enormous catering kitchen on the ground floor to several university offices on the second and third floors, to beautiful 4th and 5th floor suites for VIPs to view the game and hold large events. From the top floor, the whole city of lansing can be seen in all it's glory. It's worth a peek.


Eppley Center
A beautiful building developed for business presentations and many other things, the Eppley Center's enormous lobby looks over the red cedar river and the tranquil walkway that runs alongside it.


Beal Botanical Gardens
A five acre, peaceful garden set on the south side of West Circle. It's a great place to go, see some beautiful plants and rest from the cares of the world.




Study
Engineering Library
Hidden Within the heart of the Engineering Building, with huge windows opening to the courtyard, and only a small, inconspicuous entrance, it's the perfect quiet place to study. Make sure you get the chance to experience it before it is re-purposed in December 2015


Wilson Hall "Hive"
Made to be a state-of-the-art modern classroom experience, it is filled with all sorts of modern technology. When not in use by a class, it makes for a pretty sweet study-lounge.


Law Library
A quiet place to study. The most secluded and tranquil of all the libraries on campus. Due to several parts of the library being designated as "College of Law students Only", it tends to be considerably unpopulated.


MSU Library
We're not talking about the desks on the main floor, or any of the designated study areas. The place to go in the library is up to the very top floor of the east wing. Keep walking until you get to the very back of the room. You will then only deal with a very very infrequent passerby. Quite Quiet.